1385000, connection resiliency and command interception (#10386)
aspnet/Docs: aspnet/mvc/overview/getting-started/getting-started-with-ef-using-mvc/connection-resiliency-and-command-interception-with-the-entity-framework-in-an-asp-net-mvc-application.md

---
uid: mvc/overview/getting-started/getting-started-with-ef-using-mvc/connection-resiliency-and-command-interception-with-the-entity-framework-in-an-asp-net-mvc-application

> title: "Tutorial: Create connection resiliency and command interception with the EF in an ASP.NET MVC app"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Tutorial: Use connection resiliency and command interception with EF in an ASP.NET MVC app"
```

There's no single good verb to use with both these terms, but both refer to EF features, so Use seems better than Create. Another alternative is "Implement".

author: tdykstra
description: "In this tutorial you'll learn how to use connection resiliency and command interception. They are two important features of Entity Framework 6."
ms.author: riande
ms.date: 01/14/2018
ms.topic: tutorial
ms.assetid: c89d809f-6c65-4425-a3fa-c9f6e8ac89f2
msc.legacyurl: /mvc/overview/getting-started/getting-started-with-ef-using-mvc/connection-resiliency-and-command-interception-with-the-entity-framework-in-an-asp-net-mvc-application
msc.type: authoredcontent
---

> # Tutorial: Create connection resiliency and command interception with the EF in an ASP.NET MVC app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tutorial: Use connection resiliency and command interception with Entity Framework in an ASP.NET MVC app
```
